## Privacy Policy

Shenbagavalli Lakshmanan built the 3 Little Shapes app as an Open Source app. This application is provided by Shenbagavalli Lakshmanan at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decides to use my application.

If you choose to use my application, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. No personal information is collected, knowingly through our app. 

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at 3 Little Shapes unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

I do not collect any personal information using our application. Users are not required to provide any personal information while using the app nor do I collect any personal user information, precise geographic location or device information.

Our app does not contain ad banners and it does not use any external APIs. 

I may receive your email when your send a mail to our support email shenbagavalli.l@icloud.com. I will not share your email with any third party services nor will I use your email for commercial purposes. 

**Log Data**

I do not collect log data through our app. In case of a crash, information such as your device Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device name, operating system version and other related statistics will be sent to Apple that I can access if required. This will be done to improve our application and I will not share this data to any external parties.

**Security**

I do not collect personal information knowingly in our application. If I receive any personal information in our support email, I will immediately delete it from the support email. 

**Children’s Privacy**

This application can be used by cildren above 2 years of age. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided me with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/) and Shenbagavalli Lakshmanan.
